[IMP] CRM: updating flow and screenshots of generating leads (#986)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/crm/acquire_leads/generate_from_website.rst

============================

> Generate leads/opportunities

Reviewer: Maybe this file should be renamed to `generate_leads.rst` to avoid confusion?

Reviewer 2: Yes, absolutely. Will do!

Communication`.

.. image:: generate_from_website/contact-form-settings.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Contact Form settings

Customize Contact Forms
=======================

Contact Forms can be customized for the specific information your team needs, using the free *Form
Builder* module.

The free *Form Builder* module can be installed from either the apps page or automatically when
adding a form to a page in the Website Builder. Adding a whole new form can be useful if you are
soliciting certain information that needs filtering, such as suggestions, bug reports, etc.

.. image:: generate_from_website/form-building-block.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Form Builder building blocks

.. tip::
   Forms can be created from scratch to serve a wide variety of purposes. However, Odoo's default
   *Contact Us* page is designed to fit most users' needs. Start with the default form and modify
   from there.

Edit Contact Form fields
------------------------

In Edit mode on your website, click on any field to start editing it. The following information can
be edited for each field on the Contact Form:

> - **Type**: Choose a custom field option or an existing field. Examples include phone, file
>   upload, language, etc.
> - **Input Type**: Determine the type of entry customers should input. Available options are text,
>   email, telephone, and URL.
> - **Input Placeholder**: Type in an example to guide users how to input information where
>   formatting is important, such as a phone number or email address.
> - **Label Name**: Type in the display name to show users what information is needed from them.
> - **Label Position**: Choose the way the label is aligned with the rest of the form. The label
>   can be hidden, above the field, to the far left of the field, or right adjusted and closer to the
>   field.
> - **Required**: Toggle this option for information that you absolutely need entered.
> - **Hidden**: Toggle this option to hide the field without deleting it.
> - **Shown on Mobile**: Toggle this option to show the field to users on mobile devices.

Reviewer 3: All of these should use `:guilabel:` formatting instead of **bold** text.
```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Type`: Choose a custom field option or an existing field. Examples include phone, file
  upload, language, etc.
- :guilabel:`Input Type`: Determine the type of entry customers should input. Available options are text,
  email, telephone, and URL.
- :guilabel:`Input Placeholder`: Type in an example to guide users how to input information where
  formatting is important, such as a phone number or email address.
- :guilabel:`Label Name`: Type in the display name to show users what information is needed from them.
- :guilabel:`Label Position`: Choose the way the label is aligned with the rest of the form. The label
  can be hidden, above the field, to the far left of the field, or right adjusted and closer to the
  field.
- :guilabel:`Required`: Toggle this option for information that you absolutely need entered.
- :guilabel:`Hidden`: Toggle this option to hide the field without deleting it.
- :guilabel:`Shown on Mobile`: Toggle this option to show the field to users on mobile devices.
```

> - **Type**: Choose a custom field option or an existing field. Examples include phone, file
>   upload, language, etc.
> - **Input Type**: Determine the type of entry customers should input. Available options are text,
>   email, telephone, and URL.
> - **Input Placeholder**: Type in an example to guide users how to input information where
>   formatting is important, such as a phone number or email address.
> - **Label Name**: Type in the display name to show users what information is needed from them.
> - **Label Position**: Choose the way the label is aligned with the rest of the form. The label
>   can be hidden, above the field, to the far left of the field, or right adjusted and closer to the
>   field.
> - **Required**: Toggle this option for information that you absolutely need entered.
> - **Hidden**: Toggle this option to hide the field without deleting it.
> - **Shown on Mobile**: Toggle this option to show the field to users on mobile devices.

Reviewer 3: All of these should use `:guilabel:` instead of **bold** text.
```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Type`: Choose a custom field option or an existing field. Examples include phone, file
  upload, language, etc.
- :guilabel:`Input Type`: Determine the type of entry customers should input. Available options are text,
  email, telephone, and URL.
- :guilabel:`Input Placeholder`: Type in an example to guide users how to input information where
  formatting is important, such as a phone number or email address.
- :guilabel:`Label Name`: Type in the display name to show users what information is needed from them.
- :guilabel:`Label Position`: Choose the way the label is aligned with the rest of the form. The label
  can be hidden, above the field, to the far left of the field, or right adjusted and closer to the
  field.
- :guilabel:`Required`: Toggle this option for information that you absolutely need entered.
- :guilabel:`Hidden`: Toggle this option to hide the field without deleting it.
- :guilabel:`Shown on Mobile`: Toggle this option to show the field to users on mobile devices.
```

.. image:: generate_from_website/editable-field-options.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Editable field options

By default, when a Form is submitted, it sends you an email with the customer's inputted
information. To have it automatically generate a lead/opportunity instead, edit the Form and select

> **Create an Opportunity** as the Action.

Reviewer 3: This should use `:guilabel:` formatting rather than **bold** text.
```suggestion
:guilabel:`Create an Opportunity` as the Action.
```
```suggestion
**Create an Opportunity** as the Action.
```

> **Create an Opportunity** as the Action.

Reviewer 3: This should use `:guilabel:` instead of **bold** text.
```suggestion
:guilabel:`Create an Opportunity` as the Action.
```
```suggestion
**Create an Opportunity** as the Action.
```

.. tip::

>    If leads are activated in your CRM settings, selecting **Create an Opportunity** generates a

Reviewer 3: This should use `:guilabel:` instead of **bold** text.
```suggestion
   If leads are activated in your CRM settings, selecting :guilabel:`Create an Opportunity` generates a
```

>    If leads are activated in your CRM settings, selecting **Create an Opportunity** generates a

Reviewer 3: This should use `:guilabel:` formatting rather than **bold** text.
```suggestion
   If leads are activated in your CRM settings, selecting :guilabel:`Create an Opportunity` generates a
```

==============================
Generating leads/opportunities
==============================

Automating the lead/opportunity generation will considerably improve your team's efficiency.

> Utilizing email aliases and a contact form in your database can aid in that improvement.

Reviewer 2: Much better. I think this solves previous feedback I made just few moments ago. Going to resolve both.

By default, any email sent to *sales@your_database_domain.ext* will create an opportunity in the

> default sales channel's pipeline associated with that particular email.

Reviewer 2: Done. See previous comment https://github.com/odoo/documentation/pull/986#discussion_r862123752

Configuring email aliases
=========================

Each sales team can use their own email alias to automatically filter generated
leads/opportunities into their pipeline. This functionality can be useful when managing several
sales teams with specific individual business processes. You can find Sales Team configurations

> under :menuselection:`CRM --> Configuration --> Sales Teams`.

Reviewer 2: Good revision on the paragraph @meng-odoo.

Maybe a nitpick but something that caught my eye--
_We_ as Odoo Staff know that ``` :menuselection:`CRM --> Configuration --> Sales Teams` ``` is a menu, however the user might not imply this on their own with just a colon (:), so I would take a little step further to specifically suggest so, maybe as such (while also removing "You" from the beginning of the sentence):

```
opportunity in the pipeline for that particular sales team. Configure custom email aliases on the
configuration page for each sales team by navigating to :menuselection:`CRM --> Configuration -->
Sales Teams`.
```

> under :menuselection:`CRM --> Configuration --> Sales Teams`.

Reviewer 2: Duplicate comment.
See reply on OG above: https://github.com/odoo/documentation/pull/986#discussion_r862139495

> .. image:: generate_from_website/sales-teams-config.png

Reviewer 4: There is a mismatch between the actual filename `sales-team-config.png` and the reference here in the rst `sales-teams-config.png`

Author: Thanks for the catch!

   :align: center
   :alt: Configuring Sales Teams

> Using the Contact Us page on your website

Reviewer 2: Clarification:
Shouldn't this heading say `Use the Contact Form on your website` ?
The instructions following the heading are how to turn on/off the form, specifically...

=========================================

By default, your website's *Contact Us* page displays both your stored company information and
Odoo’s ready-to-use contact form to generate leads/opportunities.

.. image:: generate_from_website/default-contact-us-page.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Default Contact Us page

This can be activated or deactivated at any time by going to :menuselection:`Website --> Go to
Website --> Customize --> Contact Form` on your website and toggling the option on or off.

.. image:: generate_from_website/contact-form-toggle.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Contact Form toggle

When the form is toggled off, the *Contact Us* page lets visitors know that they can contact your

> company by email contact and display a button to send one directly. Any emails sent this way will

Reviewer 2: Also fixed `generates` --> `generate`

generates a lead/opportunity.

.. image:: generate_from_website/default-contact-us-page-no-form.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Contact Us Page using email

To change the form to a specific sales channel, go to :menuselection:`Website --> Configuration -->
Settings.` Under *Communication,* you can change which *Sales Team* or *Salesperson* is assigned
to any incoming leads or opportunities from your Contact Form.

.. image:: generate_from_website/contact-form-settings.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Contact Form settings

Creating a custom Contact Form
==============================

Wanting more info from visitors using the Contact Form? Contact Forms can be customized for the
specific information your team needs. They can generate multiple types of records in the
system, such as emails, leads/opportunities, project tasks, helpdesk tickets, and more.

The free *Form Builder* module can be installed from either the apps page or automatically when
adding a form to a page in the Website Builder. Adding a whole new form can be great if you are

> soliciting certain information that needs filtering, such as suggestions, bug reports, etc.

Reviewer 2: Reminder, be mindful of _continuous_ present tense.
Would do this instead:
```
The *Form Builder* module is installed automatically when a Form element is added to a web page via
the Website Builder. The Form Builder can also be installed manually from the Apps page.
```

> soliciting certain information that needs filtering, such as suggestions, bug reports, etc.

Reviewer 3: @StraubCreative The edits to this paragraph didn't make it onto the latest commit either. Here's the final edited version:
```suggestion
The *Form Builder* module is installed automatically when a Form element is added to a web page via the Website Builder. It can also be installed manually from the :guilabel:`Apps` page.
```

.. image:: generate_from_website/form-building-block.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Form Builder building blocks

However, if the Contact Us Page's available predefined form options can work with some editing,

> editing these options is the fastest way to customize the form to fit your needs.

Reviewer 2: Another example of _continuous_ present tense.
As well, more lines of code were added here...can we trim this down?

`For a typical *Contact Us* page...`
Let's rephrase this since it's vague.  Users may not know what typical contact page functionality is supposed to entail. It seems like we're we're trying to communicate that the out-of-the-box setup is likely the best option that fits most users' needs so let's be specific with language.

One more thing-- would be better to turn this whole section into a **Tip** since we're giving advice?

> Editing contact form fields

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Editing Contact Form fields
```
For consistency, since you use the capitalize version until now

---------------------------
In edit mode, click on the field to change, and you can edit any of the following information for
the specific field:

- **Type**: Choose a custom field option or an existing field. Examples include phone, file
  upload, language, etc.
- **Input Type**: This determines the type of entry customers should input. Available options are
  text, email, telephone, and URL.
- **Input Placeholder**: Type in an example to guide users how to input information where
  formatting is important, such as a phone number or email address.
- **Label Name**: Type in the display name to show users what information is needed from them.
- **Label Position**: Choose the way the label is aligned with the rest of the form. The label
  can be hidden, above the field, to the far left of the field, or right adjusted and closer to the
  field.
- **Required**: Toggleable option for information that you absolutely need entered.
- **Hidden**: Toggleable option to hide the given field for this form or not.

> - **Shown on Mobile**: Toggleable option to show the field to users on mobile devices.

Reviewer 3: Small edit so that the wording matches the other bullet points in the list.

`**Shown on Mobile**: Toggle this option to show the field to users on mobile devices.`

> - **Shown on Mobile**: Toggleable option to show the field to users on mobile devices.

Reviewer 3: Small edit so that the wording matches the other bullet points in the list.

`**Shown on Mobile**: Toggle this option to show the field to users on mobile devices.`

.. image:: generate_from_website/editable-field-options.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Editable field options

A completed form's default action is to send you the customer's inputted information by
email. You can change this to lead/opportunity generation in edit mode by clicking any of the

> form’s fields, and under the form options, selecting **Create an Opportunity** as the action.

Reviewer 3: Editing this paragraph for clarity.

`By default, when a Form is completed, it will send you an email with the customer's inputted information. You can configure it instead to automatically generate a lead/opportunity by editing the Form and selecting **Create an Opportunity** as the Action.`

> form’s fields, and under the form options, selecting **Create an Opportunity** as the action.

Reviewer 3: Editing this paragraph for clarity.

`By default, when a Form is completed, it will send you an email with the customer's inputted information. Instead, you can configure it to automatically generate a lead/opportunity by editing the Form and selecting **Create an Opportunity** as the Action.`

Wanting more info from visitors using the contact form? Contact forms can be customized for the
specific information your team needs because they can generate multiple types of records in the
system, such as emails, leads/opportunities, project tasks, helpdesk tickets, and more.

The free *Form Builder* module can be installed from either the apps page or automatically when
added to a page in the Website Builder. Adding a whole new form can be great if you are
soliciting certain information that needs filtering, such as suggestions, bug reports, etc.

.. image:: generate_from_website/form-building-blocks.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Form Builder building blocks

However, if editing the available predefined options is all that’s necessary, editing the Contact
Form itself is the best option.

Editing contact form fields
---------------------------
In edit mode, click on the field to change, and you can edit any of the following information for
the specific field:

- **Type**: Choose a custom field option or an existing field. Examples include phone, file
  upload, language, etc.
- **Input Type**: This determines the type of entry customers should input. Available options are

>   text, email, telephone, and URL.

Reviewer 4: After "Input Type", there is the "Input Placeholder" option you didn't mention. Maybe it's on purpose, but as it seems you are going for an exhaustive description of the options, I would include it as well. (the placeholder text can be useful to guide visitors when entering info by giving them usually an example on how to fill in a field, such as a specific number phone format)

- **Label Name**: Type in the display name to show users what information is needed from them.
- **Label Position**: Choose the way the label is aligned with the rest of the form. The label
  can be hidden, above the field, to the far left of the field, or right adjusted and closer to the
  field.

> - **Required**: Toggleable option for information that you absolutely need entered
> - **Hidden**: Toggleable option to hide the given field for this form or not

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- **Required**: Toggleable option for information that you absolutely need entered.
- **Hidden**: Toggleable option to hide the given field for this form or not.
```

- **Shown on Mobile**: Toggleable option to show the field to users on mobile devices.

.. image:: generate_from_website/editable-field-options.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Editable field options

> By default, any new contact form will send an email. You can change this to lead/opportunity

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
A form's default action when a visitor completes it is to send you the completed information by email. You can change this to lead/opportunity
```
I tried rephrasing to make the content clearer. I'm not sure I succeeded though :)

generation in edit mode by clicking any of the form’s fields, and under the form options,
selecting **Create an Opportunity** as the action.

.. tip::

>     If leads are activated in your CRM settings, selecting **Create an Opportunity** will generate
>     a lead.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
   If leads are activated in your CRM settings, selecting **Create an Opportunity** generates a lead instead.
```
Present tense. Only 3 spaces necessary to align with `tip::`. Added "instead"

Generate leads instead of opportunities

> =======================================

Reviewer 4: I would add that part to the tip instead of adding a whole new section, which is way too short in any case.

> When using a contact form, you should use a qualification step

Reviewer 4: Line breaks way before 100 characters.

> by activating *Leads* in CRM settings and refer to :doc:`../sales/crm/acquire_leads/convert`.

Reviewer 4: The correct `:doc:` directive link is `` :doc:`convert` ``. The way relative links work is explained under my 'main' comment.

============================
Generate leads/opportunities
============================

Automating lead/opportunity generation can significantly improve your team's efficiency. In this
article, learn how to use email aliases and website contact forms to automatically generate leads

> in your database.

Reviewer 5: Intros rather explain what it is about (even if it seems obvious to the writer) rather than promote the feature or list the content of the document.
https://www.odoo.com/documentation/master/contributing/documentation/content_guidelines.html#writing-style

Reviewer 2: @meng-odoo let's circle back to Jonathan's comment here after I fix redirects file + the beefy screenshots on next commit 👍

Configure email aliases
=======================

Each sales team can use its own email alias to automatically generate leads/opportunities in its
pipeline. Any emails sent to a sales team's email alias will automatically create a lead or
opportunity in the pipeline for that particular sales team. You can configure custom email aliases
on the configuration page for each sales team: :menuselection:`CRM --> Configuration --> Sales
Teams`.

.. image:: generate_from_website/sales-team-config.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Configuring Sales Teams

Use the Contact Us page on your website
=======================================

> By default, your website's *Contact Us* page displays both your stored company information and
> Odoo's ready-to-use contact form to generate leads/opportunities.

Reviewer 2: > Adding a sentence here for clarity about Contact Forms vs. the Contact Us page. Also editing for brevity/clarity.

Removing first sentence since second sentence implies this already (redundant).
Also adding `an` before `opportunity` for grammar.

```suggestion
By default, your website's *Contact Us* page displays Odoo's ready-to-use Contact Form. Whenever
someone submits this form, a lead or an opportunity is generated in your database.
```

.. image:: generate_from_website/default-contact-us-page.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Default Contact Us page

This can be activated or deactivated at any time by going to :menuselection:`Website --> Go to
Website --> Customize --> Contact Form` and toggling the option on or off.

.. image:: generate_from_website/contact-form-toggle.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Contact Form toggle

> When the form is toggled off, the *Contact Us* page lets visitors know that they can contact your
> company by email and displays a button to send an email directly. Any email sent this way will
> generate a lead/opportunity.

Reviewer 3: Editing for brevity.
```suggestion
When the Form is deactivated, the *Contact Us* page simply displays a button to email your company directly. Any email sent this way will generate a lead/opportunity.
```

.. image:: generate_from_website/default-contact-us-page-no-form.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Contact Us Page using email

You can choose which sales team or salesperson is automatically assigned to the leads/opportunities created from your Contact Form by going to :menuselection:`Website --> Configuration --> Settings --> Communication`.

.. image:: generate_from_website/contact-form-settings.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Contact Form settings

> Customize the Contact Form

Reviewer 3: Editing for consistency with the other heading
```suggestion
Customize Contact Forms
```

==========================

Contact Forms can be customized for the specific information your team needs, using the free *Form
Builder* module.

The *Form Builder* module is installed automatically when you add a Form to a page in the Website Builder. You can also install it manually from the Apps page.

.. image:: generate_from_website/form-building-block.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Form Builder building blocks

You can create Forms from scratch to serve a wide variety of purposes. However, for a typical
*Contact Us* page, it will likely be faster and easier to modify Odoo's existing *Contact Us* form
to fit your needs.

Edit Contact Form fields
------------------------

> In Edit mode on your website, click on any field to start editing it. You can edit the following information for each field on your Contact Form:

Reviewer 3: Editing for 2nd person.
```suggestion
In Edit mode on your website, click on any field to start editing it. The following information can be edited for each field on the Contact Form:
```

- **Type**: Choose a custom field option or an existing field. Examples include phone, file
  upload, language, etc.
- **Input Type**: Determine the type of entry customers should input. Available options are text,
  email, telephone, and URL.
- **Input Placeholder**: Type in an example to guide users how to input information where
  formatting is important, such as a phone number or email address.
- **Label Name**: Type in the display name to show users what information is needed from them.
- **Label Position**: Choose the way the label is aligned with the rest of the form. The label
  can be hidden, above the field, to the far left of the field, or right adjusted and closer to the
  field.
- **Required**: Toggle this option for information that you absolutely need entered.
- **Hidden**: Toggle this option to hide the field without deleting it.
- **Shown on Mobile**: Toggle this option to show the field to users on mobile devices.

.. image:: generate_from_website/editable-field-options.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Editable field options

> By default, when a Form is completed, it will send you an email with the customer's inputted
> information. You can configure it instead to automatically generate a lead/opportunity by editing
> the Form and selecting **Create an Opportunity** as the Action.

Reviewer 3: Editing for 2nd person and tense.
```suggestion
By default, when a Form is submitted, it sends you an email with the customer's inputted information. To have it automatically generate a lead/opportunity instead, edit the Form and select **Create an Opportunity** as the Action.
```
